Readme: Add Nix package info (#47)
andrewwutw/build-djgpp: README.md

If you don't want build DJGPP by yourself, you can download prebuilt DJGPP binary files for MinGW, OSX and Linux from GitHub Release page.

> Nix users can access prebuilt binaries using:
> ```
> nix-shell -p djgpp # i586 by default, djgpp_i686 also available
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Let me suggest:

```suggestion
djgpp is also available on Nixpkgs Unstable. You can run a development shell by executing the following Nix command:

`$ nix develop nixpkgs#djgpp`

Alternatively, you can run 

`$ nix develop nixpkgs#djgpp_i686`

for the i686 version.

For the oldschool tools, the commands are, respectively,

`$ nix-shell -p djgpp`

`$ nix-shell -p djgpp_i686`

```
